what they say you have to listen twice
Larry crowned at the common break area
its employee of the month day how many
will this I'm not saying I crown Jack
Brennan hmm with them go parting of the
ways this says like you're firing me
they said it's because I didn't go to
college get you some knowledge and
you'll be fireproof you're never too old
to learn can you get this hunkajunk
working how fast does it go it's got
power didn't see you in the scooter play
last term units cop why would you take
that sucking in a polo shirt makes you
look like one that's it excuse me the
state requires minimum of 10 students so
this class is canceled thanks does this
beast rusev into you each of you will
tell us how to do something you already
know how to do how to prepare french
toast next I take this
mmm brain freeze I wonder if I make any
difference to anyone sitting in my
classroom look up at your audience find
three different focal points start on
one side looking into the eyes of
whoever's there hello you are way cooler
than you appear I can't really afford
all these new threads yes gratis take
every pants my boyfriend's here put your
pants back on ah look who's waiting for
a bus do need a ride fine I will not
wear that bucket on my head
in a navy I went around the world five
times but I would never be able to
communicate it to you unless I have
taken a class like this work here my
secret is spectacular
you like to kiss three
um you are so cute i can feel